.TH "postfixadmin\-cli" "1" "2024-11-30" "PostfixAdmin" "postfixadmin-cli"
.SH Name
postfixadmin-cli \- a CLI tool to manage postfixadmin
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBpostfixadmin-cli\fP \fI<module> <task>\fP \fB[options]\fP
.P
\fBpostfixadmin-cli\fP \fI<module>\fP \fBhelp\fP
.P
\fBpostfixadmin-cli\fP \fI<module> <task>\fP \fBhelp\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B postfixadmin-cli
is a CLI tool to use postfixadmin like how you use the WebUI. It is a
shell sciprt wrapped around
\fI/usr/share/postfixadmin/scripts/postfixadmin-cli.php\fP.
.SH MODULES
.IP \fBadmin\fP
.IP \fBdomain\fP
.IP \fBmailbox\fP
.IP \fBalias\fP
.IP \fBaliasdomain\fP
.IP \fBfetchmail\fP
.SH TASKS
Most modules support the following tasks:
.IP \fBview\fP
View an item.
.IP \fBadd\fP
Add an item.
.IP \fBupdate\fP
Update an item.
.IP \fBdelete\fP
Delete an item.
.IP \fBscheme\fP
Print database scheme (useful for developers only).
.IP \fBhelp\fP
Print help output.
.SH OPTIONS
Different combinations of \fBMODULES\fP and \fBTASKS\fP have different
sets of available options to use. Please see the help messages and
the examples below.
.SH EXAMPLES
To add a mailbox interactively:
.P
.B postfixadmin-cli \fImailbox add\fP
.P
To add a mailbox non-interactively, with the new mailbox being inactive:
.P
.B postfixadmin-cli \fImailbox add\fP \fRnobody@example.com\fP
.B --password \fRdeadbeef12\fP --password2 \fRdeadbeef12\fP --name
.B \fR"Nobody Nogroup"\fP --welcome-mail --active \fR0\fP
.B --email-other \fRbackup@example.com\fP
.P
To view the information of a domain:
.P
.B postfixadmin-cli \fIdomain view\fP \fRexample.com\fP
.P
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Please report bugs to the Debian BTS, i.e. using \fBreportbug\fP(1).
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBpostfix\fP(1),
\fBpostconf\fP(1),
\fBpostmap\fP(1),
\fBmariadb\fP(1),
\fBpsql\fP(1),
\fBphp\fP(1)
.SH AUTHOR
Copyright 2024 Jing Luo.
.P
This manpage was written by Jing Luo, licensed under the terms of GNU
General Pulic License version 2, or at your option any later version.
There is absolutely no warranty; see \fI/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL-2\fR
for the terms of the license.
